20 backsetup apollo (#48)
TEAM-AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA/AREA: database/README.md

# AREA DB

![](https://badgen.net/badge/icon/graphql?icon=graphql&label) Typescript project with GraphQL and Apollo

## Prisma

### Generate prisma schema in prisma client (only for seeding the db)
```bash
npx prisma generate --schema=./prisma/schema.prisma
```

> > Require a running mongodb instance running on localhost

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Requires a mongodb instance to be running on localhost
```
